Cloud connector deployment guides (#3355)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/cloud/asset-disc-aws.md

4. Select **AWS**, then either **AWS Organization** to onboard multiple accounts, or **Single Account** to onboard an individual account.
5. Give your integration a name that matches the purpose or team of the AWS account/organization you want to monitor, for example, `dev-aws-account`.
6. In **Deployment options**, select **Agentless**.

> 7. Next, you’ll need to authenticate to AWS. Three methods are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Next, you’ll need to authenticate to AWS. The following methods are available:
```
Suggestion for easier maintenance

    * {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.2` {applies_to}`serverless: preview` Option 1: Cloud Connector (recommended). 

>       * To use a pre-existing Cloud Connector for this deployment, select it under **Existing connection**. 

Reviewer: Not a super big deal at this point but sometimes there's a mix of title (like here or on the next line) and sentence case (like in the important note) in the changes for `cloud connector`. Would sentence case suffice or is it a branded term?

>       * To use a new Cloud Connector: under **New connection**, expand the **Steps to assume role** section. Complete the instructions to generate a `Role ARN` and `External ID`; enter them in Kibana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * To use a new Cloud Connector: under **New connection**, expand the **Steps to assume role** section. Complete the instructions to generate a `Role ARN` and `External ID`; enter them in {{kib}}.
```
